Yeah. Okay, great. And I apologize my spleen, my screen, both my screen and my spleen are a little split right now so next up, one at 90 we've got Elliot had men are you here.
Right here. Great, great.
And next up we have Eleonora, a Sarah and Natalie Lissa I'm doing
okay now we're getting recorded, and then I see that Rob's here so just, just to confirm Eleonora you're here. Yes, I am.
Okay. All right, very good. And so we've got four presenters, and then if you guys already agreed on how about how long you'll take just so I can keep time
like five minutes, 10 minutes, 12 minutes.
You haven't done, and then set.
Seven Minutes guys want to do seven.
Yeah. Is that enough for everybody. That's great.
Okay. No, I just want to tell you.
Even if we end early, it doesn't mean you guys get to go home. No, we'll use the rest of the time for fabulous discussion. Okay, that sounds good.
Okay, that sounds good. Alright, so I got my little seven minute timer here, and I will put it on, so that it makes a noise because I'm too nice a person and otherwise I wouldn't interrupt, I feel self conscious about interrupting you.
Okay.
And then we have our hostess is our host here or not our host from track to host i think is here.
And they are going to play a video to start us off.
And then track to to host I assume you're good and ready to go. Is that true.
I don't know they never make it. I don't even know if there's someone there, they're drinking rum, that's like the that's the group was sore and I'll assume that maybe there's talking in the chat let me look.
Oh yeah, they're there they're stuck in the chat Oh great, great track to person whoever anonymous person. Great.
And then, I really don't have a bias for everybody so I guess I'll have to let you guys introduce yourselves I won't count that towards your seven minutes.
Unless you want paste them in the chat that's what a lot of groups have been doing if you want to paste BIOS in there.
Okay, we go.
Okay, welcome everybody to this final panel of ELO 2021 Let's give a big round of applause for the end of a terrific conference we're so excited about all the speakers we have for you today.
We've got four great talks, and they're going to give relatively short presentations. I see a lot of at least three of them are linked to things where you could go and read them perhaps you've already read them who knows, and then we'll have ample time
for discussion.
Under let the groups, introduce themselves as they will when it comes to their turn, will do all the presentations in sequence, and then we'll have plenty of time for conversation so thank you all for joining us.
And don't forget that.
If we don't have enough time for conversation for whatever reason this panel goes til 115 of course there's actually nothing after this so in theory we could just continue forever, but at when we get around to 1415 my time actually has to 15 my time I
don't know what time it is wherever you are, then you can always send the conversation, into the track to discord, which will remain at your service.
Okay so without further ado, I'm going to turn things over to our first group.
We have, as you said with this this panel is called this whole this whole panel is called pedagogy and methods, and I of course, and Mark Marino, your moderator.
So, so let's, let's get started with our first presentation by Rachel horse Kendrick James Esteban morale SUUTK that and FM young, and they're tight, their talk.
Well, I'll say their talk, but it's called sounding the futures imaginary a collaborative intra modal storing method.
Thank you very much, Mark,
Thank you for that wonderful introduction.
Hello and thank you all for joining us. We are members of the digital literacy center DLC at the University of British Columbia, you're in Vancouver, Canada, not Vancouver us in this session will briefly introduce you to is cocktails, a collaborative
narrative that we created over the last 14 months while we're all in the midst of a global pandemic. As you know, more specifically, will share with you the methodology which we have created, and indeed continue to develop this Kong pails will know she
will now share with you this collaborative pathway, where we have engaged with multi method, multi modal digital techniques to create narratives. Each of us will now explain the step of this process process in which, in which you can get involved by visiting
our website, which will share in a moment in the chat.
Our first day duration of this collaborative storing methodology happened in September 2020 at the basement of Kendricks house. Yes, face to face. In between time of provincial wide locked down when regulation was somewhat loosened with a hint of awkwardness.
We gathered, surrounded by thousands of vinyl records, we started our experimental collaborative future narrative writing in response to the following questions What will sound sound like in an increasingly digitized future.
How will meaning technology evolved together and apart.
How can we collaborate to believe right the future in a way that allows for multiple perspectives and 10 properties.
As we were sitting up the context, a skunk passed by, by the window, basement window and into our story to universe, becoming the central Cyborg can post human figure of our future future imaginings.
We wrote simultaneously, allowing the thoughts to come freely.
We wrote for a set amount of time, and then read what we had written allow to each other around the people in this way, elements and ideas and characters began to circulate among us as we will discuss further the skunk deals there now write it through
the feedback loop of writing, reading aloud and certification of the breaking text.
FM is going to tell us about how we solidified the texts.
who just want to find the text to be bro, we use singling, an application that we developed in the digital literacy center.
We created this software to facilitate the learning and analysis of reading by listening.
The audio generated is based on the lexical grammatical properties of the text which forms a connection between vocabulary and grammar. Our second iteration of this collaborative story writing process took place in October 2020 at the Auto inquiry research
group symposium.
Continuing from where we left off at TEDx house. He composed the second chapter of scalpels life.
This time using single interest on the fact that texting real time.
We wrote me with the unified in singling for a certain amount of time. Then we copy and paste it will be there on to tablet, where the stories can be read in a linear timer.
Kendra good Now tell us how we can be the parent differently.
And we'll take you now to the website which will put the link for in the chat. And on this website we would be basically exploring a number of different multimodal ways that we could share the ideas and experiences of a nonlinear futures narrative.
And so when engages both with the soundscapes we've created by using the narrative. And just as an example of one of the different chapters that we created we've taken the work of Jim Andrews and notable electronic literature, artists, his, his program
called stir fry. And in the stir fried texts we've gone in and taken the code, and allowed the different sections of the text to be Palin c'est over each other so as you scroll over it, you can encounter nonlinear presentation of this narrative, and through
a number of different experiments we've tried to give the reader, the same generative experience of encountering a nonlinear narrative structure. And now we'll talk from Rachel's perspective about how we can, how you can in fact engage in this ongoing
narrative that we hope will continue until the pandemic is.
Um, yeah so through a.
Oh, it looks like Rachel's frozen.
So maybe we'll just continue Oh, that's too bad.
So we'll just continue until she can join us again.
In this further stage of this cocktails narrative. We've created a thing that we've used for a process we call the patch. And so we've taken all the words in the several chapters that have been generated over several different iterations of creating the
skunk tales narrative and put them into a version of I read fast which allows you to adjust the speed of the words that you see.
And then if you go down you can just allow you can enter words that strike you because they resonate for you. Are you you catch them in your head as they went by, great speed and write them down a little below it if you scroll down you you'll see that
you can, in fact, then add to the pamphlet the format that we've used for much of the creation of this narrative and generate your own bits of text which we will incorporate into the overall narrative structure.
We look forward to talking with you more about this project and its many different problems and extensions, as we get into the discussion period so thanks we'll put links in the chat.
I think that was seven minutes, was great. That was great. Yep. All right.
I love it.
All right, Rachel, do you want to say a few things before you give a bonus moon if you want. Apologies that my this that's the one minute that that I lost connection, of course when I'm speaking so apologies.
Yeah, it's classic, it's classic, I thought that was part of the performance but actually I'm, I'm so sorry that happened there but there will be plenty of time to catch anything you want to add during the chat for sure.
Okay well. Next up, we have Elliot Hedman who's going to be presenting improving readers participation and academic engagement with inquiry inquiry based reading in wonder stories.
Thank you, Mark. Hi everyone, I am Dr. Elliot hadn't been really inspired by everyone's talks and the creepy things you guys all come up with with what could text look like.
I want to show you a small graph here, this is your brains on books.
More specifically, this is the third grade English language learner as he's reading The Voyage of the DR Doolittle I helped invent a sensor at the MIT Media Lab, where we measure emotions and this actually this little spikes there, those are moments when
he's getting engaged but seven minutes in he had to do little or not the best of friends. In fact, there's a big drop off plot of drool on first page when we came back and checked in with them.
Now, okay so one kid didn't like reading but it ends up being the case, in this day and age, 52% of kids that don't want to read they don't enjoy reading they don't like it.
This is a problem because the number one predictor of a kid's success in reading is how much they enjoy it if you read a lot, you're going to do really well at it but how do we create a world today.
when kids have all these iPads and all these games where they want to participate where they want to read that is my big question that I've been trying to research.
So we did this kid who read dr Doolittle in the same day we showed him wonder stories. This is a digital reading tool it's an app you can download it, I'll link it it's wonder stories that app.
When he read wonder story. This is his skin conductance that that's, every one of those spikes and to him leaning in participating engaging being excited about it.
My favorite part about his response afterwards was he told me, that was a lot like math.
So re that it was almost a finance math for him that was a win, but you know for most of these kids they're being told that they aren't good at reading that they don't that they're stupid or that they can't do it, it comes down to is that they just not
given experience with the right stimuli and if we have time, I'll show you guys a video of a kid actually reading the.
The Wonder story is but what I do is I do co creation at the Boys and Girls Club here in Denver, where we work together with kids and figure out okay if you don't like a book What do you like what should it look like what should electronic book look like,
what are finding has happened and what creative wonder stories of even the reading itself might not engage in early reader questions and cognitive thinking is a really great way to engage kids when they actually have to participate and think about things
you think, or if you're behind you don't want that. But no, you actually want an even more.
So, in wonder story is because we saw these kids loving reading so much we created a bunch of stories that were solving problems so why are all the kids getting sick what what's rotten what food is rotten or the spaceship is broken and how do we fix it
or one of my favorite questions. The bus driver is a dinosaur, is she going to eat me.
So these kind of questions the kids going to participate answer questions all are reading and cognitively thinking and doing a lot of comprehension with it.
By article goes into a lot of detail, over the last year I actually ran the literacy program at the Boys and Girls Club that stayed open during covert.
And even though I gave questions the kids were kind of engaged they were kind of there sometimes but a lot of times I mean I had kids first day Toby reading sucks I don't want to do this.
And what ended up happening is I explored okay not only do we need to do questions but we need to do more to engage these kids who haven't read a book sometimes for almost a year.
And what ended up happening is that when we integrated wonder stories which occurred in a trivial like game where you can compete with others and get points.
This sense of social competition had an insane amount of engagement. I started out with kids not even reading a book I like got one kid to read. As soon as I put cahoot in with these questions.
I had kids telling their parents who were came to pick them up that they had to wait outside until they finished reading the book because they need to finish the game.
I also had kids asked me Can we read another one I want to read another book and these are kids who are multiple grade levels below and hate reading. And all we had to do is reframe reading into a more digital experience so I'm kind of here kind of challenge
Can I see yellow more of an artistic direction but it's like actually digital reading of the future of reading for young kids. I feel very alone in making this argument I'm really excited to be there.
Mark to be, I think, I think I've talked to like only three minutes we have time to show the video, you got you got three more minutes as a matter okay guys quick we gotta push the play button.
I want you to watch if I want you to watch this girl here, because this is going to look very different than what a normal reader will look like.
Like tell us
See, Which
dog.
When was the last time you saw a fist pump well I kids reading a book. The problem is that most books are 200 pages without ever feeling a successor achievement and kids especially those behind need those moments of the success and excitement and in my
opinion digital reading is the future and that's what I'm working on. So thank you guys.
All right, thank you very much. That was excellent Wow, I'm already seeing all the lines of flavor connection between all these talks it's almost like a perfectly put together panel alright so next up we have Eleanor a Sarah and Natalie less cell, and
they're going to be presenting. And I apologize for not pronouncing their title correctly, I'll say, I'll call it lab or in an online laboratory for observing children's he lit and accompanying digital literacy.
So let me turn it over to them now.
I'm trying to share my screen, but they cannot think this up. Yeah.
Now you should be able to.
So I'm going to start while she's
okay with that.
So we're both from Quebec, we're both teachers in universities in Quebec we're French speaking you know no house so you tell you.
And we're in part of the last child of a shift in multimodal media literacy.
So good afternoon everyone, thanks for being with us on this panel newspaper delayed our in the zoom fatigue.
It is a true pleasure for us to be here today and to share with you the lie behind website, which is also a laboratory of researches, which has just been launched for you, and results from a long research project realize between 2017 and 2020 in the framework
of concerted actions, between phone society and culture research founding, and the culture and communication Ministry of Quebec.
So in five minutes, presentation or seven, but I took one.
We would like to recall some elements presented in our text and maybe add some details.
The first element we want to stress is that we are presenting a work in progress, we are still integrating content and adjusting design features and functionality so please do not hesitate to share your impressions reactions and improvement ideas.
The second element we want to stress concerns our team. In fact, even if today we can only you can only see the two of us, a team of teen researchers and teen research assistant from different disciplinary fields education literature and art has been
involved into research in different phases of our times some of our colleagues gathered data among the publishers developers and independent artists, some others interview teachers some others worked together with our co creation partners, and some of
them are still working on different projects right now with us, certainly to that's lucky because my bill.
Another group that we are working with. So after these premises of few words about the history of this project. The aim of the project was to support digital publishing any such initiatives for young readers and get back through an observational favorable
production, distribution and reception practices more particularly, we wanted to insert three main research questions that you can see right now oriented.
On the one side to publishers developers and artists, willing to go digital, and on the other educators, mainly teachers librarians and families, willing to offer new artistic and legal or literary digital content, content to young readers.
So it was a very big field to, to look into.
So you can see our question research that are, are the origin of the project, and our objective so you can see this into text, and right now in the, the presentation.
So we had some different ID.
Identify documenting part co creating part and then we developed some content that we will present right away. So data was gathered vs semi structured interview with different actors involving producing this routing, or I can accompany the reception of
of children's digital literary works. And we mainly identifying three major issues I'm going really fast through the research part because I want to show you the, the result.
So the first one, offers the lack of knowledge about the curate editorial offer by educators librarians and more generally by coming readers. The second issue is related to young readers' specificities and pertains more particularly to school practices
into cinco cognitive and affective process involving digital reading, which largely goes beyond public publishers and creators experience expertise. The third difficulty emerges and you can see all the ruptures points that we call that we could identify.
In the first phase in which, after we could work through resolving both problem with through croak co creation. So the third difficulty emerges with the slight difference between teachers librarians and literature mediators and offers in refers to like
of guiding material materials to find in present digital creation.
So I will let Eleonora present to the library lead behind website and laboratory and over, everybody. So the library website has been created to reduce these issues, and to support on one side publishers in developing new content, and on the other educators
and teachers in integrating them in their practice, we develop need to the WordPress platform. And we intended it as a virtual library on the contemporary children's the digital literature and art, and it is aimed at providing conceptual informative and
do that research based on these them scientific data.
So, it has three main sections, one for education tool, one for publishers and one concerning digital works.
its mission sire recording the first section of the, of the website. We wanted to add readers, teachers and publishers, discovering the different forms that digital rewards can have.
We wanted to offer publishers and educators, clear recommendations to overcome their issues. We wanted to present your research projects, carried out with our partners.
And finally we wanted to inform the public of any news related to children's literature, events publications, prizes, new works.
So maybe we can just see the main pages. We have five sections. The first offers detailed descriptions of the literary children's we have worked with.
The second is for publishers, and present recommendations and advice based, both on our research, and on literature reviews.
The third contains descriptions of theoretical concepts on notions of digital literature that seem necessary going through introduce digital literature school and forth as some projects, follow during the research.
And the fifth contains four sub sections and compiled relevant news on digital literature.
You're there is a call for action for a new research that we are fasting, and that may interest. A lot of you, and you are already invited to participate.
And we have selected some works, but to describe morning the day, but maybe we can do it later, because we are on our eight minutes presentation.
So maybe we can keep it for later and answer morning the day on these are works.
Okay.
She can just put the in there then.
It's an English The, the, our new research you can you can find any English, and it's on your first experiences and emotional experience of digital literature.
Yeah, we are trying to gather your first memories of ditch the literature. Oh, sounds great. adults are lovely answer those questions. Yes Oh great. Very good.
Awesome. Well, all right, very good well and I'm excited to hear more about to these to explore the site and learn about the individual works because obviously I've got a long term project of trying to collect those works, interesting works of digital
electronic literature for children. Yeah. And now we're going to try to transition to our last speaker. Last but not least, my collaborator and friend, Rob widow who is going to present net profit in the classroom character building and team building.
Thank you Mark what great presentations, it's so exciting, the pieces coming together like this. So, I am not going to hide the gold I'm going to give you my two best tips for teaching net profit in the classroom.
This is a undergrad University classroom right off the top.
Here they are. The first one is called octopus hands, it's an anti carpal tunnel exercise. Now I always ask if this is offensive to anybody's coach and I need you to do it we were just sitting there watching you need to do it.
You got to warm up writing after all is a physical activity. So your fingertips come together and you move them through the water, you feel how good that feels on the front and back of those poor wrists, it's the it's the occupational hazard of all writers
so that's tip number one tip number two if you have one chance to move when you're at your desk writing it starts like this you interlink your fingers like that, straight up over your head, oh my god we all need that.
Don't you need I can see it you only and then you wanna go a little bit while go I'll go, I'll go do it in the classroom, head on stand up.
There you go. Excellent.
So scary when you see that. Okay.
Yes. Okay. Um, let's, let's play.
Starting right up so one of the keys to net prob internet improv.
Is that the instructions are often less important than the model so what I need everybody to do is read these three models, this is what I very often start out my students with read these three models, and then write in the chat of this talk, I need everybody
to write in the chat. A similar post.
The three models you read the three models, you'll get the idea.
Okay.
So read the three models and then just jump right into chat, no right or wrong answers. it's not a contest nobody's going to grade you, but just jump in and start writing that next thing so this series of models establishes what in theatre improv is often
called the game, which is somebody will start a game that has to do with relationships, and this is obviously a game of kind of mon cooler than you or whatever you'd want to call that.
So go ahead I'm going to continue because we're, we're on the tight time schedule but just keep typing so everybody types at least one thing so just type of thing and it's interesting because, um, you know undergrad students love this this this cuts a
little bit closer to the bone for my early career and mid career academics, these, these three examples but they're, they're good examples, to start with, and this is these are examples from a beautiful ancient website from 15 years ago or so called tweeting
too hard and that is the that's the game of that little writing exercise in a concept tweeting too hard so you're you're on Twitter and you're tweeting to heart.
So everybody who's on social media can kind of recognize that kind of game.
So, now, I want you to do a following thing I want you to look at your own post and sort of imagine who might have written it because again I'm asking you to kind of do this exaggerated bragging humble bragging is another name for what you are just doing.
So, imagine that it's not you, and that it's a character and give that character name and it can either be sort of a natural language human worlds name, or I invite you to write a social media handle for who that would be so just pause a second, who would
have who was the character who wrote that those words that just came through your fingers who is that so just write that down.
And now some of you I think are already can read the instructions and are jumping heads so once you've established that name I want you to repost what you just did you can copy and paste it right out of the chat repost what you just did, but start with
this name in whatever form it is and then a colon kind of like a script or, you know, a theatrical script or a movie script so start with the name. If you want to like if it's a, you know, a natural language name then put it in caps, you can.
anything in chat that I need to be know, learn, do you need to know about in this okay so everybody got their phone their rules. Okay Is everybody reposting it.
So now,
using your character's name again, you're going to start with your, your character's name. I want you to respond directly to some other characters post not the person spoke with the characters posts and use the, the familiar social media form of address
I love the at sign so, so be put your name, colon and then the at sign so that we know who you're talking to, and then I want you to respond to that person. And what you're going to see is the minute you even start to think about that this character relationship
relationship by your colleagues are you professional competitors. Is it a boss and employee situation where the power differential or the, you know, siblings or, you know, is it you know what is one person the narcissist and the other is feeding the other
one their narcissistic supplies one of my favorite psychological terms.
So just go ahead and respond pick someone doesn't matter just random.
And again, nobody worry if somebody didn't respond to yours, it's not a judgment we're all just, it's all just free play, and I'm going to let you begin for the interest of time, I'm going to charge ahead.
And while you're completing that because I think we're all multitasker. So what I find in teaching creative writing, using them to teach Creative Writing is that I just throw students in the deep end just like I did with you all and that they love it
that the students will thrive in the deep end.
So what is an improv internet improv is one way of saying it. I guess my current formula is networked and provides literature, it's what people do it's when somebody's cats Facebook account starts communicating with somebody else's cats Facebook account
like that snap prop. It happens all the time it's not something that we invented something that people do.
But the thing that Mark and I and others are are sent are asking now is how good can you get at it how you know how good an art form can this be.
And that's kind of a technical description of improv.
And it is not just a literary practice or an internet practice it's also has a lot to do with games what kind of a game is it it's not a competition scorekeeping game it's a game of memory can make believe so.
What I find after I throw students in the deep end is that they need sort of a contextual support because I make an outrageous assertion when I show them about net profit I say this is literature, and it's like what so I say, Well, what do you know about
literature, like, I'm going to show you some things you know we all know about you know the the novel here's one of the earliest English novels life in a strange adventures Robinson Crusoe and you'll notice here on, I always show this page this is the
original title page. It's written by himself. And we know it was written by Daniel Defoe it's considered a fictional novel but Defoe died, claiming that Robinson Crusoe was written by Robinson Crusoe It was not a fiction.
Okay, so I can, I can start up here Mark do I, is that was that your timer, sorry yeah that was my timer. Yeah, okay. So do you want. Should I just charge a headers that Should I just wrap up there.
Um, well we can bring things out I think in discussion is my suspicion that we can get to some other points.
Probably the best idea.
But, or we can do or first question could be, what's one more thing you wish you could have squeezed into your presentation that you'd like to add now, do we do we want to do, it sounds like that might be a good route let's do that let's go let's let's
do that with everybody. Yes, okay, but it might have been a little tight. Okay, sounds good show. So let's give me I'm not gonna time it best best behavior.
Let's get one more thing you wish you had time to, to say Do we want to go in the same order reverse order this time rob you just got done presenting Do you want to go first on that.
Yeah, I might I might just do that so okay so so Rob's gonna say, well, let's do reverse order after Rob.
So start with Rob. Okay, so the kinds of things I, I show them for context, are you know this moment where Robinson Crusoe is he insists that it's true, and then only 20 years later fielding has to insist that it's fake that he's not like these are not
coated satires of real people, even though they have real sounding names.
Samuel Johnson is forbidden by British law to do accounts of the British Parliament. So he does have an imaginary place that he just invented and everybody knows that he's talking about what happened in Parliament, the day before, a young middle school
age kid Thomas Chatterton pretends to find a cache of beautiful medieval documents. Turns out that he had written them himself really forged time he wrote them.
They're all really authentic. He's, there's this is an archive he's shamed for that publicly commit suicide at age 17 becomes a kind of a cult figure of the, the Romantic era.
Awesome Austrian of the imaginary Scottish Bard also mock. But then, of course, Tolkien does exactly the same thing essentially and then he's lionized later because that's because fiction is already up and established so anyway I just want to just teach
people what that the origins of fiction look like this look like the inter the internet world. Now, I give them contextual support from stage improv. We haven't read the only po as also as context and do practices in the one I would like little exercises
and they build up to bigger projects, the one thing that I would just say that I would love to recommend to everybody is in your own social media writing.
Use the hashtag secret diary, and then write something that nobody, you know you would never share with anybody like something's your innermost thoughts and you just hashtag it secret diary and this it's a thing I've seen it spread like wildfire among
students among groups of friends like this hashtag, it's just, it's a convention just like in theater, we know that there are certain moments where this actor walks to the stage and talks directly to the audience and we all know that the other characters
on stage can't hear them only the audience can hear that person. So we're establishing those kinds of conventions in writing sorry I went on way too long, sorry.
No problem. Okay, next up so Ellen her and Natalie which one more thing you would you would like to add, add on that one do you want to share the, the end of the show one or two digital
literacy.
I need you on mute. Yes, maybe we can show.
Are you on my screen.
Yes, we can show some works, we have selected this one. And these are an adaptation of a print picture book and it's the story of this little boy fighting with this monsters that represent cancer.
And it's not a sad story. But it's very engaging and for each record we have described the team, the construction team in detail the digital work.
And we had had did some research for teachers and educators.
If we add the we are that we added some elements of experience that we did with children.
This work is particular because it does our recreation platform inside so children can use never theological elements and rewrite their own story. So quite interesting.
Another one that we like to show.
If we like it, because he realized by our member of our work research team in the framework of their research and PhD research. It's available in Spanish, and in French because the artist is Spanish, even if even if she's bodies in Quebec, and it's our
narrative of with several parts, and there are six different endings. According to the readers choices.
I was thinking the other day when there was them exhibition, the Keep, keep the exhibition that Diem issues.
The two observed in the possibility to access and discover works are even deeper for the French speaking countries, because the production is mainly in English.
So it is really important to have resources in French.
To let publishers and teachers, accept the content that's why the research and the website.
It's really a true need for our communities.
And we made the same choice you made for the exhibition sense that our website contains, these are works more suitable for very young children, and others, then that can be used in secondary schools or year we are long January the, the digital work is
certainly more difficult for young readers, and we want to give it different, so that each public me feel representing.
And I didn't know if you have a new, we can we show every time we show where we can find.
We can find it because that's very hard in the apps, it's, it's so hard to just try with the title to get to find the, the literature, so maybe just to finish.
You know how show where they can, they can do this for me.
It's the.
In this section, the call to action.
You're going to share that in the chat too and I can also share that through yellow by the way i can
mark we we wanted to ask you. Yeah, no problem. People would people will be very happy to fill that out.
Okay, so we share in the chat now. Great.
Alright, well thank you so much and then then Elliot if you had one more thing that you could add what would you add.
Oh, you guys have told me what I should add, so I will do what the chat have asked me. Okay, very good. so that question. Good.
So I'm just going to share my screen.
So we have over 100 books.
I mean, this is all on my free time so it's not like, I've put them all up yet.
But and we've had over 60 of the Boys and Girls Club, this year and we just keep changing I'm each time so you never asked him like what kind of books.
We started out with about 15 minute novels.
All of them need to have cartoons in them. And so we have ones about bubblegum getting stuck in the hair or a vampire that's trying to make kids laugh because laughter, but then when I found out was that kids actually prefer much shorter stories because
they really have about an attention span of about five minutes so he wants the most of us in the app store today but this one is about helping the Headless Horseman find his head, and it's only a five minute story, and we have a whole bunch of those the
ones that kids really like are the different ones about different cultures like why is there a turkey drying and an Aztec temple and it ends up Turkey for gods or why are people in Spain jumping over babies and that's a form of baptism to get rid of devils.
Those ones really resonate and the ones that are really resonating right now with kids are there versus story for its aunt vs stink bug, and they grow them giant, they go fight each other and we have to learn about different kinds of things about them.
I think the last one we had was like venus flytrap vs butterfly you learn all these things about the animals that they're fighting and you're like trying to guess who's going to win and how do you help them when the process so we've really a collaborative
effort to come up with those stories and that's where it's going very short stories and a question about every 30 seconds.
The other question for me was how do I measure.
Emotions let's see if I can pull that up real fast.
gg gg to.
Here I am at MIT, measuring emotions.
This is my sensor. And what we're measuring is your skin conductance, and that's your. That's how much you're sweating and why do we care unless you're sweating that's your fight or flight response.
No Elliot, it's not it's not cheering I think the screen, a new share think it. Sure. Thank you, I appreciate that.
Okay, there's a cool sensor. Well, this, we put these little sensors on your finger and they measure how open your sweat glands are and your sweat glands are tied to your sympathetic nervous system.
So, when you get excited or anxious.
You'll see little micro changes in that thinking when your heart starts beating your eyes dilate you get those changes all the time so we're actually measuring that subconscious emotional reaction.
That's actually what drew me into books to begin with. I've done, consulting and all sorts of different spaces, but I just found that reading was really missing the children's reading was really missing those emotional engagements that a lot of other
media they had was helping with so that's the tool I use.
Okay, that's fantastic. Oh my goodness. I love all these projects too much. All right, next up this team skunk tail. If you could add one more thing about your.
It's probably bad way to refer to you guys but if you could add one more thing your project and this can be Rachel's moment to just say whatever she wants to.
Okay. Yeah, um, I will just share my screen and just, just make a connection with the story and the storing methodology back to our, our pedagogy and our teaching.
So we've used this tool.
this prompt and others like it to engage graduate students, teacher education students with different practices of reading, writing, engagement. So, so this, I think Kendra to explain this tool, taking the text and DD pulling out the linearity of it,
but still retaining some of the, the generative qualities of the text and allowing readers and writers to engage with it and participate in that, in that kind of narrative space.
So it's been a really, this is part of other workshops that we've done, exploring this kind of create a deeply creative engagement with with text.
So, yeah, okay, that's fantastic. All right, well let's go to, I don't know what are we on speaker view or something like that Do I have control over this let me.
I'm gonna try switch to gallery view so I can kind of look at each other. And then I'm just going to go through the chat and just see if there are any other questions that we haven't picked up and then you guys can queue up for other ones by raising your
hand icon or typing other ones.
Various comments, la la la, and there's some net profit happens.
A.
Chef Boyardee isn't here so I don't think your question.
Okay, here's, here's a question from Sarah, you have a question sir she want to ask your question live
in three, which one are you have two questions in here as I have a question, maybe do a broad question for everyone. And maybe especially for Natalie and Noah.
How to educate in digital literacy. So, data literature.
You have got to get two minutes.
So, can he repeat one more time for me sir so I get the gist of it. Sorry.
Sorry. So my question is, how to educate in this digital literacy.
Through jitter literature, and especially through kid it.
And then I wrote, can, can we push to let that teaching the delicate matter maximally activates the operations involved in any detail reading.
Okay, now to take it isn't. It's a project that we have and should take few years, we just wrote a project about that, and you want us to answer that now.
Well we postulated that, yes, because we we think that kids should explore more and more forms of digital stories so they can be exposed to different narratives that non linear nonlinear leverage narrative so they can represent that narratives can be
nonlinear in many ways. So I think the first project is a good, a very good example. So I think it's a, it's not, we don't we don't think in a explicit strategic way of teaching
multimodal p for example components and then, and exploring it in doing it systematically we just want to go, be able to explore many different digital stories on different digital devices, and being exposed, we postulate that you can anticipate the movements
and the interactions and the navigation and the possibilities of the different narratives that you are you encounter. So, maybe it is not I can say more but I think it represents what what we think right now, maybe with a more applied research with some
day does proving it, we can we can show other ways.
And maybe alien I can complete but after I have since I answered I can ask a question, so maybe we can go like that, Mark, like kids do.
We can but before we do that, let me honor I should all the questions in the chat, okay okay sorry there's a second question from from Dina, Dina Do you want to ask your question life.
I don't know I don't hear it either, so I will read her question. So, Dina asked the question, how do you teach the rhetoric of he lit, how links work how images and text synchronized for meaning etc.
So I guess this this seems in some ways like an extension of surges question but it's going even further.
Eight.
Maybe I can start answering.
It depends on the public, when we, we, we work in the education field. So we work with future teachers, when we work with featured teachers at primary school, it's quite easy in a certain way, because we have the print book examples, and we start building.
Meaning, with interaction between text and images.
And then we complex defy we show examples of digital work, and we try to build together with students, the plastics, the static and the rhetorical effects of digital works, and we tried to do the same thing with secondary school teachers.
We use, also known leader you work addict sunglass I'm now working on media on newspapers.
So we tried to, to show.
True examples, what are the possibilities.
That makes a lot of sense. And thank you I'm sorry for my technical difficulties.
I was really fascinated by the Wonder stories, and the point with digital literature is that we can do the connections we, which is much more than we can do in print, and I was hoping that you could talk a little bit more about the advantages of the electronic
literature, the idea that we can make connections like cause effect. Next, after, and really start teaching these types of thinking skills, and that would help so much.
You know you're speaking to my heart. Thank you.
I want to start with an interesting story on that that kind of answer your question, and I'll answer your question but um, so when I originally incorporated wonder story there is a.
There's Choose Your Own Adventure from there so you can. Okay, how are we going to sneak past mom and dad, there's one where you had to figure out where mom went and you actually investigated the car and you chose what to look at around the car when you
did that.
Interestingly enough, when I, I'm a, I'm a design researcher so I go in I watch kids redo things I put I tracking glasses on them I watch what happens and this choose your own adventures didn't work very well.
Kids were treating them like problems like things to be solved instead of things to explore. So they always thought there was a correct answer, they're like oh I know the right way is I'm going to do it this way, I'm like, the relevant but you, the kids
really like this like almost black and white world of like I want to get this thing right I want to prove to you I'm smart and you know that's what I capitalize on most of my app is all about meeting those kids where they're at.
So, I'm, you know, still an open space Explorer. Choose Your Own Adventure still is open, but it didn't create what I was looking for like the sense of wanting to see everything and that explosion was much more about them getting to cognitive, problem
solving, so that leads to your bigger question is like what is the, so I just gave a talk where they're like what's the difference between digital and physical and like everything will be digital in the future and it comes down to comprehension abilities
and you were talking about that with that cuddle thing, um, I actually have a real real problem, because I'm not I don't have a writing background you guys are all so much smarter than I am.
I'm just a humble researcher but what I what I discovered here was that writers don't write for inference.
So, like I would ask writers to write for one or two reason and say, Johnny came into the house with a red coat. Question one What color was the coat, I'm like, No, no, no one wants to answer that question.
And so I had to go back and I'm like no you gotta say Johnny comes in, he's wearing to keep it a math, what costume is just like who does Johnny think he is he's a superhero that inference is actually a really high level of comprehension and kids are
good at it like they think that kids can only do it at their grade no I have kindergartners doing it all day long. It's just they're never challenged with it they never given these opportunities to apply influencers now here really awesome parent, you
you can actually create moments of influence you can talk to them like what do you think's going to happen next, what do you think's going to happen. It can happen but writers don't do that we almost always just tell people things.
And so I feel like whenever I hire writers, it's like, all right, get ready for a whole spiel of things that I've barely understand myself but I'm going to ask you to do things differently.
So there's a lot of opportunity there where we put the reader in the driver's seat and even a mystery novel never puts the driver in the driver's seat, because as soon as the person figures out the mystery is boring you only figure it out on the last
page so there's a whole new art fair about this space.
That makes a lot of sense and yet with with the folks that are just saying question answer question answer and you got the complexity, one of the things that I think Mark and Rob do this as well.
You can do a Writers Workshop, where you get just pieces of paper, different ribbons yarn, whatever and show the different types of connections.
You can show how things work, and I think you're doing such a wonderful job of teaching the kids to think let's think these things through Damn it, yeah and hypertext any electronic literature can do that so absolutely thank you absolutely could reiterate,
that's what the kids want to what you guys are out.
Everyone wants it, it's just not how I agree, 100% now. Now, I'm gonna pull a question from Andrew because he's asking question later on the chat first cocktails we haven't heard I haven't heard from those guys in a while, Andrew Do you want to say your
question just cocktails.
cocktails. Uh, well I think, oh it's for the other people what they think of skunk tails. That's right, that's right. So I just I wanted to get the, we have two different really interesting methodology here Can, can they may be talking about each other's
okay what do they think of each other's projects, okay fair enough good have that.
What do you all think of each other's or wait what maybe a better way to frame that that might be more productive for everybody go around the table. what are you taking away like where do you see either lines of connection or something you're taking away
from another panelist project, how about that one.
Who wants to go first just jump in.
Well, I was just typing, some thoughts around I love your work.
Elliot, and I'm thinking about my son and and and his difficulties with reading and how he liked that's the problem solving and that kind of immediate sort of what is it in getting the answer and that kind of engagement, but I also worry or wonder about
total digital, the total digital thing, and some of the work that we've been doing in the digital literacy center is around making the analog and the digital experiences so that they can move together and not forgetting the embodied and that tactile and
paper, but also the digital and so I wonder if you can have, if you have thoughts about that.
Well, I'm really excited about your thoughts on that Rachel.
spoiler yellow 2022 I'm on the last part of a grant for a full year I'm looking at what you just said, which is what happens when we take wonder stories and put it into a physical world.
So, what happens if we build a clay model, while we're reading, or just things we're like, interacting and cognitively thinking about the story while we're doing it, but I'm curious for you.
I am very I have no idea what I'm doing.
Don't tell that to the group people.
Rachel, what do you think about that multimedia perspective, I love the idea of sculpting and that while while I'm while engaging with the text. We've done things like you know we taking a picture and uploading it, or you know something from your environment
or going somewhere or, you know, having to read a you know underneath a doorway or something like some ways of i don't i don't know but like i think that that could bring it out of the total cerebral just, you know, touching touching touching buttons.
I'm sure people have lots of thoughts on this.
All right, now what else are you learning from each other's projects are your takeaways.
I I'll go next since I've really appreciated lambregts thing cuz. Here I am with my little digital tool and I'm like, oh man I didn't realize that there's this whole marketing thing I have to do, and just this idea that I'm not alone.
It's just so nice. It's like, Oh, you mean that there's like a lot of people out there who are trying to make a difference and I and there's people out there trying to like, solve some of these really big challenges is that at the end of the day, people
aren't really seeing books as digital medium so how do you communicate that and it's kind of cool to see that there's a cultural front and come back all these cool stuff around education I'm always impressed but I really, I really appreciate during that
there's a resource and people who are trying to do something on that space so that's that's very empowering on my end.
Nice.
Who wants to go next where I'll be able to go next.
Yeah, I just, I absolutely love the skunk tales project and many things about it but and one of them was, I love the kind of origin story of how, you know, it starts with writing in person and that which is just this incredibly fun thing to do.
And that based on that, then this transition to zoom and, and, you know, far away.
Collaboration distance collaboration kind of works and because that's, you know, it's sort of my own story of hanging out with invisible Seattle writing on one of the very early Bolton boards and then moving, having to move away, missing my friends and
using the Bolton board, given the high cost of of long distance phones at that time like using the bulletin board to stay in touch with my friends and keep doing these writing experiments that we had started.
And then I just totally love this idea of having another kind of sensory neural circuit system the sounds, as this thing to bounce the story off as a companion, and, and, you know, antagonist and collaborator and so on having that sound as the theme that
goes all the way through. I just think that's super smart it's got me thinking about ways of doing kind of dual track projects that are writing and then wind around other other media so I think there's just lots to be inspired by there.
Nice, nice, it's gone chaos, what do you got.
I just want to say that in some of those processes Rachel was describing.
I'll give a little shout out to Andrew that we've been incorporating the language workbench GDPR language workbench which he and Dave air built in almost all of it.
It's really central part in fact it's a very central part of our pedagogy and what he opens up is this ability of a text to morph according to, you know, parameters you set, and I see so many connections with these other works, you know, Elliot, you're
using these wonderful bits of technology to read you know galvanic skin response and what have you. And it just opens up because you know I've done some experiments with galvanic skin response running MIDI so that it's converted into MIDI code and of
course that's how signaling works to it takes text and turns it into many code. And so there's these ways that you know I could see combining where a student starts to get bored and he's on that downward curve after the end spike there in the attention.
He's on the downward curve. And I'm thinking, you know like, it just hits a threshold that triggers a question or it changes the narrative it reverses, you know, Andrew when you know what can we do here we could change the adjectives and make it dark
and scary instead of you know positive light and happy you know because some kids like that better.
So I just liked the idea that texts are in fact generative the reader is not reading something set in stone and digital literature, makes that so much more possible.
You know you're talking about adventure stories and how you're choosing and is there a right answer and somehow the generativity that is possible, especially when we enter some of these happy even analog interactive processes that they could just, you
live in for for the board kid or whatever. Yeah. I really like the idea of reactive. Like I've never heard of that before it's not just like follow a path, we're going to going to respond to where you're at, well not just you just choose your path.
And that's really interesting. I've seen it in media, they're they're really crazy style but I've never thought about that. Like that push.
Nice. Yeah and you yeah has a hand up.
Yeah, thank you, and just kind of related, but I'm, I'm thinking a lot about what you said earlier that putting readers on the driver's seat. And this kind of making inferences from what you're reading and.
Sorry, I'm kind of.
I'm taking a driver's seat and what you're saying but I study conspiracy theories, and I was just thinking, you know, those who are really good at inferring, making inference from what they're reading are conspiracy theorists.
Excellent.
par excellence of making inferences. So I was wondering you know this kind of, I think, I mean I know the author's dead, but isn't it kind of dis making.
I wonder about the importance of not taking the driver's seat, but listening to what the author is saying and be patient about it. So I wonder if this kind of.
If your project can facilitate that kind of patients as well, that, you know, paying attention to the intentionality of the author, I, I, it's, I did.
Commander, I'm saying it with the coach on you know intentionality and so on. But I was wondering about it. I really liked her question. Also, what kind of conference where can we have a conversation about that.
I just want to give a shout out for like wow ok I've never thought about the consequences of conspiracy theories I wonder stories before.
question and I'll bring that up. So I wrote a story about a fish and the fish escape the aquarium and ended up, it was in the bathtub and it was wearing a costume.
The, the girl stole the fish and put a costume on and put in the bath tub.
And the kids were pissed off at that because I asked the question I was like, why was a kid, the fish in the bathroom and it was like she wear a costume and the kids like fishes can't wear costumes, like they were all just like letting me know that that
question was incorrect and that we did the we did the story wrong. And I thought this was really interesting because, you know, no you read it wrong, it wasn't that the fish can do costumes, you didn't get the right thing, but kids, it was so disappointing
like if I kept doing that with them. I would not be meeting them where they're at, so it's a lot of me, meeting them where they're at and helping them there because remember my only goal I like to try cycles of reading is like, where the training was
like make sure that they feel like they're smart and they got it going, and that gets to the next question you, which is. There are other things I wonder series of not teachings are the number one thing is just being able to read for a long period of
time I think another one is to discover ideas that you disagree with. And to be able to be okay with that I think that's what you're talking about, I think there's some really, and I work with high schoolers in a while where they need to work on the things
things too. I think there's a lot of skills that we don't really think about the Wonder stories just kind of bad sad because I need to meet the kids where they're at, and I am worried about that in part that I think I wouldn't want wonder should replace
all the teacher, I just want to I want to get it from kids can read things and not say, Oh, this is going to take forever I give up and that's where I'm at
right, very good. Jeremy do we get to the question you were gonna ask. All right, go ahead. Why don't you pose it then.
You're muted.
I hope it makes sense at all I came in super late I apologize, my friends were presenting at SIGGRAPH and I almost think they should jump into the ELO my friend Pat but Donny has made a book and it's in it's a cookbook, and it looks really 70s, but it's
about food and raw and decay and it's actually a feminist commentary. I think she said, pop on over. And then my friend Joe Davis at MIT is looking at.
It's like ancient Arabic art iconography in in the DNA and biology.
And I heard MIT mentioned I saw the sensor thing and my ears kind of popped up.
And I came in late so I don't know if I'm coming out of left field but I used to be an editor for Leah now I'm a reviewer for Leonardo and I would love to hear more about the connective area between research and haptics and senses and biofeedback not
the next seven days but like body reactivity and narrow technology. I know it's been kind of talked about but that's fascinating to me.
I'm happy to chat with you more. I also the yellow article goes into it and great details. And then also, here's a link that will describe it more. I don't want to repeat myself but yeah I could talk, literally all day.
Okay, um, Rob has a question.
I just I have just a little footnote to that, that haptics because I also was really loving that the kind of haptics body, the, you know, sensory thing, dimensions of these projects but just want to recommend to people, if you don't know what there's
a wonderful little George Parakh.
It's called a sketch for an essay, and it's and he's, he basically says there should be a proper study of reading as a physical activity. For example, what's the difference between reading on your stomach and reading on your back, reading on your side
reading sitting down and he's, you know he knows it's, it's these are funny ideas but he's being really serious and the, the part of that that I love that I think just really, that, that I would love to see that kind of study that Jeremy was pointing
towards, and you folks doing. He says, a cafe I used to go to I used to see a famous philosopher, he would always come along and he would bring a book, and he would read while he was eating and correct says, You know, I would observe him a bite a concept
a bite a concept. What is the result of this double nourishment.
It's like, and that's a super important question and I just don't think i think there's a serious area of research that that points towards that I'd love to see people follow up on.
I love it, I love it. What a great quote my goodness is awesome. Let me save that for a while. And while I'm saving it I'm going to turn things over to Maria Mensa who's had a hand up for a while too.
Sorry. Now I was trying to discuss what what Elliot was talking about before as well with the fish, I want to go back to the fish. Back to the fish in the costume.
Okay. I'm sorry guys.
Nice because and, well, I haven't been teaching nearly two children but I used to teach art, and I was amazing because already depending of the ages I mean once I think once they are over six.
They already have this kind of, You know there, they have these convention already have what things are, you know, if you're actually dealing with children that are before six year olds or something.
They're still going to be like really free they don't have any conventions yet or anything, but I just wanted to mention because I was, I asked they wants to do a drawing of their fellow, you know they our friends, our face, you're not doing of their
And, and you know, they have some of them were incapable.
And I said, but you can't see their face yes you have to touch it. So practically they have to touch the face of the person and draw, you know these portrayed.
They were like these you know like trying to see a little bit and trying to actually do a portrayed in the way that unfortunately supposed to be. Instead of doing a portrait that was based on the feeling of that phase, you know, and create something different.
And so I was just wondering, you know, in terms of teaching also a lead.
You know those kind of conventions, you know that children already learned you know when the beginning, I don't know if anybody wants to comment on that maybe I do know
is true for me it's one of the most wonderful thing when we work with children, to see how they are surprised. And I'll they try to manipulate the screen and the narrative for it for me, the most rewarding moment of my research life.
And I was thinking, always to answer to dinner. Of course we tried to work on interpretation gesture, especially with mobile apps and mobile apps are strongly integrate to integrate into the narrative and children have to interpret their gestures, the
meaning of the gestures to understand the story.
So he tried to work in all this sense, I'm really interested in adding manipulate and are they your hands, translate their interpretation.
So, we are trying to build all all this knowledge, we don't do it with eye trackers.
So I just tried to gather their statements and to study all they understand and interpret the narratives, and their gestures. And when they tried to recall it, and to see what they did it, what that what they have seen, why they are surprised why it's
non linear, what possibilities.
They should have had in another context.
Something is occurring to me here and really like, I'm just loving this panel and it's it's I'm doing everything I can not to like interrupt this discussion with a million thoughts but I do want to share something I've noticed across all the panelists,
that the word that keeps coming up across all four presentations is engagement, and what's fascinating to me is that I think there is a mythological presumption that the experience of reading is abstracted from bodies, and that it happens in the mind
over a sustained period of time this is a deep attention the K nails writes about right and it has someone sitting physically still, and we don't even care about what's happening to their body because it's only happening between their eyes and the text
and no reaction no processing whatever it's just there they're letting the text do what it's going to do inevitably. And what I love about all of these works whether we're talking about reading or we're talking about writing or we're talking about texts
that turns into speech or speech, or text that turns into motion or motion that turns back into play in the play turns back into text right is that I think that, you know, in some ways, maybe even this whole yellow conference should be called the multi
sensory symbolic encounter conference, right, because there's something that we deeply understand, and we and teachers know it. Third for kindergarten teachers know it.
They don't hit, they don't hand a child of book, say here. Just sit in that little corner, they read it out loud, and they draw and they point fingers at the you know like all of those things right insane when we're telling stories to children right.
You don't sit there and say, Hey, children sit there on the rug and I'm going to tell you a story for four hours. Right, they interrupt you and they squirm and they move their bodies or, I don't know, just all of this is really just got me thinking in
in in so many different ways and again it's that you all seem to have some sense that there is this heightened level of engagement that we can bring to these creative or, you know, creative writing Creative Writing processes, and that we've got a, we
can tap into that somehow, maybe with the interface, on some level or with some really well. Some creatively used instructions in the case of of Rob and skunk tales I think perhaps anyway somebody want to jump in on that one.
And I know we're at time. We're just like we're at the very end.
I really resonates with me and from really what I believe in. I'm careful with the word engagement because it means many things but it's about participation and attention for me, but just to give you an example adults have this problem to one of my first
projects was working on classical music. You know what most adults really get bored listening to classical music, send them to a concert if they've never been before.
This is what it looks like going to a classical concert. This is an expert, going to a classical concert. And it just ends up being the case that everything we do when it's novel and it's hard, we need extra help to pay attention and to stay focused and
be stimulated. And we think that kids are bad or they're troublemakers for wanting and I know that's actually the nature of human emotions. And so we can make literature to meet people where they're at and we've never had the opportunity to since now
do that and it's fighting norms and it's being creative and trying new things that's really exciting. I love it and again I love that, that Rob brings that insight back to the zoom experience with the students, because we've done, we've done it again,
haven't we rob. We've done that we've just done it with a new medium. Well of course people like to sit in front of cameras for prolonged periods of times.
Right.
Why, of course, sure they do.
Yeah.
All right, well we're kind of time, any last comments.
Well just the last comments, and I really enjoy working with kids on trends fiction and trends smaller trends smaller modality. And I could see that they would engage and interpret, without having been questions that would just do they, they could transform
transform them. The. And while they're transformed they would engage in the origin of the end throughout the process and I think that can tell I wanted to say before that I really admired that the whole process.
creation, collaborative great, which is a really good example of the body in the machine in a postmodern conception of creation, but I still have what I really wanted to say I still have a problem of representing the output.
I felt really bad. I had no idea how it sounds. Or how we can see it so it's good, in a way because it's the process. Throughout the process.
We can experiment.
All that we've talked about. And then there's this mystery. At the end of how we can output. So different ways with the technology. So, I, I think I have to look into the examples that I don't know if there's word sounds of the words come into sounds
up.
And and I have no representation and what I don't want to speak too much but that's the one thing that everybody that we talked to in the last year's told us is, what is this digital story.
So, There's a.
What's the answer. It's a big question like Sasha, asked about how do we teach it. Well, how do we start teaching or talking about it, if we have no representation of it.
So that's, that's our objective.
I think everybody here is how do we engage into the writing processes and how do we multiply the representation that we can make a digital stories.
That's awesome, anybody anybody from the other groups when I give us some final thoughts.
I just want to say thank you guys.
It's been really a privilege for me because I'm not, I don't come from any live background at all and it's really cool thing people who are on the same page, like most of my work is like talking to people like, you know, maybe we don't have to do hard
books, maybe there's an option and everyone disagrees with me and I feel very alone. And here I'm like, holy cow you guys are more radical than me I love it, like you personally and all sorts of directions so it's really nice.
Inspired by people so thank you for being part of this.
so thank you for being part of this. Thank you. Thank you. My goodness. Maybe we're on the same screen, Elliot.
Well sad to say. Nicely done. I feel like that's kind of a mic drop moment.
Alright guys, well I hate to really do hate to wrap up this panel because I have thoroughly as someone who writes interactive stories with his children and has been thinking about this for a long time and has been trying to get people engaged creatively,
with one of these oddball characters here and just delights in the synesthesia of the whole skunk tails project. Oh my goodness, I just adore it, and who from time to time, dips into Andrew clover cars workbench and comes up with crazy projects with Dean
Larson as well everybody here you guys just want to give you guys a great big hug. Thank you all for this final panel, it is it's got my heart singing.
And speaking of singing up I it's very possible I will head down to the cafe let's do some dancing. Some finger dancing and.